c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Galeria.exe.config
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Galeria.exe
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Galeria.pdb
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\A_Login.g.cs
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\A_Login.baml
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.g.resources
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.exe
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.pdb
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Elysium.dll
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Elysium.Notifications.dll
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Elysium.pdb
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Elysium.Notifications.pdb
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.pdb
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.xml
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Dict\DictionaryEN.baml
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Dict\DictionarySP.baml
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\C_Galeria.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\B_Registro.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\C_Galeria.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\B_Registro.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\LanguageSelector.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\LanguageSelector.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Galeria.exe.config
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.exe
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.pdb
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\A_Login.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\LanguageSelector.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\A_Login.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\B_Registro.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\C_Galeria.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Galeria.exe
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Galeria.pdb
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Elysium.dll
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Elysium.Notifications.dll
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Elysium.pdb
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Elysium.Notifications.pdb
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.pdb
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.xml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Dict\DictionaryEN.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Dict\DictionarySP.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\LanguageSelector.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\B_Registro.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\C_Galeria.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.g.resources
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\LeftPanel.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\LeftPanel.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\ConversDetail.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\ConversDetail.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\UserPanel.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\UserPanel.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngUsers.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngUsers.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngNats.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngTrans.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MultiLanguageWarning.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngNats.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngTrans.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MultiLanguageWarning.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngAuths.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngAuths.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Galeria.exe.config
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.exe
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Galeria.exe
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Galeria.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.dll
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Elysium.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Elysium.Notifications.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Windows.Shell.xml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\ConversDetail.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\LanguageSelector.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\LeftPanel.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngAuths.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngNats.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngTrans.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngTypes.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngUsers.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MultiLanguageWarning.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\UserPanel.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\A_Login.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\B_Registro.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\C_Galeria.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Dict\DictionaryEN.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Dict\DictionarySP.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\ConversDetail.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\LanguageSelector.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\LeftPanel.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngAuths.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngNats.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngTrans.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngTypes.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngUsers.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MultiLanguageWarning.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\UserPanel.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\A_Login.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\B_Registro.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Windows\C_Galeria.baml
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.g.resources
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.Migrations.Migr0531.resources
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.Migrations.Migr0607.resources
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.Migrations.Migr0611.resources
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngArts.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngTypes.g.cs
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngArts.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngTypes.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngArts.g.cs
C:\Users\Usuario\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\User_Controls\Management_Windows\MngArts.baml
C:\Users\ismaelci\Documents\GitHub\GaleriasConde\GaleriasConde\Galeria\obj\Debug\Galeria.Migrations.Migr0615.resources
